It is 9pm now, and my 1-hour piano practicing starts. 
Later on, a classmate from Finland suddenly opened the room door and came inside.
His name is called Pekka, who studied statistic in his home country.

Pekka: Oh u are playing the classical music. I just heard u playing when I am in the corridor.
Me: Yes. I like classical music. Actually I am just practicing the piano.I choose this song to play because of considering the LTCL level. 
Me: But the main point for practicing piano is playing the piano make me feel relax and enjoy. 

Pekka: Oh great. I like acoustic music ,like guitar,piano and so on. I don’t like the electronic music. 
Electronic music sounds extremely prefect , just like a robot.
Acoustic music is better.It is more like human.
BTW, which composers do you know and are chosen to play? 

Me: I know a wide range of composers, but I pick songs depend on the pieces themselves not by the composer. But generally I like romantic pieces and the one from impressionism. Let me pick this piece ~ (Arabesques No.1 - Debussy)
(play play play…)

Me: Oh… I got nervous and I had played a lot of wrong notes in the middle =_=

Pekka: I think it is quite fluent~ I think making errors is normal for this acoustic music. It may not always perfect. 
Then do you heard about the composer in Finland? Siblieus?

Me: Yes! I have played a piece called Finlandia in the orchestra. My sec school song is also a part of the Finlandia!

Pekka: Oh really? Great. Then do you play Chopin? The songs are quite difficult hard to play I think… (He know Chopin :D !)

Me: Of course :D Let me try to play this (one - minute waltz - Chopin)

(play play play…)
(this time not quite nervous =v= But still have wrong notes :( … )

Pekka: You really play very well, I really enjoy that. (Actually I created lot of mistakes instead =_=…)

After that we chat a little while and he went back to his room.

Although I got nervous, I was so happy that my music can be shared to others and they got enjoyment from this :)
Maybe ,that is the key reason why I play music and learn music. 